[DOC-448] Document Sentiment Analysis [master] (#429)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/cep/reference/extensions/execution/sentiment.md

# Sentiment
This extension performs sentiment analysis using AFINN Wordlist-based approach. AFINN is a list of words rated for valence with an integer between minus five (negative) and plus five (positive).

> It contains 3300+ words with a polarity score associated with each word.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It contains more than 3,300 words with a polarity score associated with each word.
```

   
## getRate

> This provides the sentiment value for a given string as per the AFINN word list. The sentiment value ranges from -5 to +5.

Reviewer: Didn't we just say this on line 2? I suggest removing it in one place or the other.

> Syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syntax
```
